them at their chance now almost three
decades later Bruce and Ty are showing
these whippersnappers how to go for the
gold in the nineteen seventies Tai
Babilonia and Randy Gardner captured
America's heart and the World
Championship now for the first time in
her career ty was wondering who her new
partner would be Bruce Jenner shocked
the world in 1976 when he won the gold
medal in the Olympic decathlon I've
known Bruce since the 76 Olympics so I
think that would make us the oldest
couple in the competition and Buzz we're
still very competitive
get on the ice I think it's got a big
graceful slow and deliberate with
virtually no experience on the ice
Bruce's first week of training proved to
be demanding and painful my biggest
concern is my knee I've been in two
Olympics two knee surgeries you know it
could go I could have problems with it
Bruce's nagging knee injury became a
problem not just for himself but also
for the team do you think it's too much
for his knees after a month of brutal
training will 55 year-old Bruce Jenner
be able to rise to the occasion
once again
ladies and gentlemen whose tenor entire
Babylonia
tomorrow brings in world
a standing ovation
each other for a long time
and I can tell you that is the last
thing I ever expected to witness me to a
month ago you and I were out playing
golf and grand ol time well let's see
what they think I'm blown away
Sir John what are your thoughts hi
you're still one of the most beautiful
skaters in the zone both of you look as
though you have a wonderful relationship
on the ice however
this gating is supposed to be a
combination athleticism and artistry
your wonderful athlete your artistry is
non-existent
actually I'm very impressed you can
you're a slow number does not hide a lot
of skating flaws and your edges leaning
as beautiful marker
I'll just say this having taught adults
K doesn't know how difficult the Welsh
jump can be and you did two in a row my
congratulations to you for tonight
wonderful job we'll see the numbers for
Bruce inside and a lot more skating when
we come back good news and three times
u.s. champion Jenny Meno an actor and
comedian Dave Coulier and two-time
Olympic medalist Nancy Kerrigan
all this skating with celebrities